BACKLOG.md, before:

# Make a working tic tac toe game

## Simulate a game with a horizontal victory

Scenario: Player X wins with a horizontal victory in the middle
	Given two players play a game of tic tac toe
    And player X places an X at (1,1)
    And player O places an O at (0,0)
    And player X places an O at (1,0)
    And player O places an O at (0,1)
	When player X places an O at (1,2)
    Then player X wins the game

The architecture consists of the following components:
Cell -> Responsible for checking if a cell is already filled
Board -> Responsible for the cells, and retrieving rows/columns/diagonals
Game/TicTacToe -> Main class, responsible for user interaction and to determine the state/winner

### Step 1: given
Create an empty game board when a new game is created

### Step 2-6: place a mark at a given position

## Simulate a game with a vertival victory

## Simulate a game with a diagonal victory

## Simulate a game with a draw

# Create an automatic bot-run game

# Create an api to run the game

Commit message:

build: able to place a cell in a certain spot on the board

BACKLOG.md, after:

# Make a working tic tac toe game

🍅
## Simulate a game with a horizontal victory

Scenario: Player X wins with a horizontal victory in the middle
	Given two players play a game of tic tac toe
    And player X places an X at (1,1)
    And player O places an O at (0,0)
    And player X places an O at (1,0)
    And player O places an O at (0,1)
	When player X places an O at (1,2)
    Then player X wins the game

The architecture consists of the following components:
Cell -> Responsible for checking if a cell is already filled
Board -> Responsible for the cells, and retrieving rows/columns/diagonals
Game/TicTacToe -> Main class, responsible for user interaction and to determine the state/winner

### Step 1: given
Create an empty game board when a new game is created ✅

🍅🍅
### Step 2-6: place a mark at a given position
Place a mark with the game class ✅ -> TODO: Throw error if the same player plays 2 times in a row
Place a mark with the board class ✅ -> TODO: Throw error when row/column is out of bounds!
Place a mark in a cell ✅ -> TODO: Throw error when a mark is already there!

Placing a mark in a game should result in output: "Placed X/O at (row, column)" ✅

### Step 7: determine horizontal victory and process to readable output
The game should determine a horizontal victory, by examining the row played
The board should be able to give that row
The game should be able to detect if the returned row is filled with the mark played
The game should give readable output

## Simulate a game with a vertival victory

## Simulate a game with a diagonal victory

## Simulate a game with a draw

# Create an automatic bot-run game

# Create an api to run the game
